## GBA Governance & Reward Voting 

https://github.com/GovtBlockchainAssoc/GBARewardsVoting/blob/main/TokenRewardStructure.xlsx can be viewed as a (very rough) wire-frame of how GBA token reward voting works.  It would be really cool if the interface were graphical (using something like D3) but non-graphical is acceptable as well to get it live as soon as possible.  Programming environment is React – preferably in TypeScript but JavaScript is fine as well.  Microsoft Visual Studio is most convenient but any dev environment is fine.  

As seen in the first page of the TokenRewardStructure workbook, the voter allocates 100% across the top-level GBA goals.  These goals (and the rest of the voting structure) will be pulled from Azure SQL database tables as the structure will be constantly added to (most particularly members in chapters and working groups) and occasionally changing.  The actual number of tokens is not displayed until all the voters’ votes are tallied and averaged for an end-of-month report and actual token distribution.  Note that there should always be a button available for each node labelled “Normalize” that will take the current numbers awarded and ensure that they equal 100% (so that, for example, users could grade each breakdown item on a scale of 1 to 5 or 1 to 9 and then the system would then convert it so that it totals 100%).

Then, as shown by the second page in the workbook, each goal has a number of activities or group types.  The voter then allocates 100% across each goal’s set of activities.  For ease of demonstration, the page only shows the Members goal being expanded.  All other goals need to be expanded with their own total of 100% (except, possibly, any which have had 0% allocated to them).

Each Activity has one level beneath it of GBA members who participated in that activity.  Each Group Type has two levels beneath is – the specific groups of that group type and, once again, the GBA members who were active in that group.  The third page shows a group type (working groups) being broken into each of the working groups.  Once again, for ease of demonstration, the page only shows the Members goal being expanded.  Once again, each group type must be expanded with their own total of 100% (unless, of course, they have had 0% allocated to them).

The bottom-most level of GBA members in an activity/group is only able to be voted on by those people who also participated in the same activity or group (again determined by the SQL database).  Thus, as shown on page four, I can vote on the Mining and Cryptocurrency Working Group members because I am a part of that group – as can Aleks, Denise, Frederic, Gerard, Joe, Jovan, and Max.  No one who is not listed as a member of that group can help divide the rewards among the group members. Note that all members of a group should vote on the other members of that group (but not themselves) EVEN IF they did not allocate any percentage to their own group(s).  It would be nice if there were a warning when someone has not filled in the 100% for their group (or, indeed where other node breakdowns don’t total 100%).

At the end (just for clarity but not in this user interface), the votes are all averaged and rewards are given based upon them.  We will want to display the averaged results and the actual number of tokens in the same interface.

Note that the interface MUST be able to expand (and close) nodes as you drill down.  Otherwise, the structure will become impossibly large.  The goals always need to be visible but only one goal should be expanded at a time – and so on down the chain.
